CNonymizer

When working with data from third parties you may sometimes wish to store
them on your own devices or you need "dummy" data for a presentation.
With a short text or a simple screenshot this is easy. But what if your
work rely on a big amount of data like a database dump?

This is where CNonymizer can help you with the folowing features:

Word Replacements:
	cnonymizer -t secret.txt -o anondata/ -c replacements.ini
	
	In replacements.ini a list of words to replace is given to CNonymizer.
	The form is word=replace one per line. In addition regular expressions
	are supported e.g.: room([0-9]+)=balloon$1. The $1 in the replacement
	will be the same number as in the word before.
	
IP, MAC and Switch Port Tampering
	cnonymizer -t secret.txt -o anondata/ -i -m -s
	
	This scenario creates a pseudo random number mapping and replaces IPs,
	MAC-Addresses and Switch Ports (in the form Fa0/1 as Cisco uses them).
	
	Important! Each number will have a fixed counterpart. So if IP-Addresses
	are used as keys in a database dump the relations will still work, which
	is very usefull in some test scenarios.
	
Computer name tampering
	cnonymizer -t secret.txt -o anondata/ -n
	
	This case is based on the observation, that enterprises often uses IDs
	in the form "000000012345" for their client systems. These IDs can
	also be tampered by CNonymizer, but will surely not fit in every case.
	
Special Case: Very long lines in a file
	cnonymizer -t secret.txt -o anondata/ -a -d ,
	
	If the data is stored in a format that uses very long lines, this can
	slow down CNonymizer. For this case you can use the -d parameter to
	define a different separator for data segments. By default this is the
	newline character.
	
The anonymization in each case works fast and uses minimal memory resources.

This software is in a very early developement state. Please report any
bugs you may encounter and ask if you have questions. This will help me
to improve CNonymizer.

Finally a WARNING:
This software is NOT using cryptographic methods it simply destroys clear
relations between the anonymized and the original data. CNonymizer cannot
ensure the absolute impossibility of data reconstruction.

Secret data should be kept secret!